New documentation for js-dataverse v2 (#118)
IQSS/dataverse-client-javascript: docs/installation.md

Reviewer: I tried installing js-dataverse and testing it in a Vite and a Nextjs project.  It worked with Vite, but with Next.js I got an error:
![Screenshot 2024-02-07 at 11 58 43 AM](https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse-client-javascript/assets/675224/d78da138-d086-436a-b5a1-6b9d8938fea0)
@MellyGray suggested in Slack that moving turndown to devDependencies might fix it https://iqss.slack.com/archives/C053B9C65T3/p1707326560379899

Reviewer 2: @ekraffmiller @GPortas, I was mistaken; the library is used not only in the tests but also in the source code. There are open issues in both the Turndown and Next.js repositories, indicating that this problem remains unresolved.

[Turndown Issue #378](https://github.com/mixmark-io/turndown/issues/378)

[Next.js Issue #59312](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/issues/59312)

Considering this, I'm thinking about switching to a different library for HTML to Markdown conversion, such as [node-html-markdown](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-html-markdown). What are your thoughts?

Author: You can give it a try to change it if it's straightforward, if it isn't, I suggest to create a separate issue to fix it.

# Installation

## NPM

### Stable version

A stable 1.x version of this package is available as `js-dataverse` at https://www.npmjs.com/package/js-dataverse

Install the package stable version using npm:

```bash
npm install js-dataverse
```

### Development versions

An unstable 2.x version of this package with breaking changes is under development.

> Until a 2.0 version is officially released, it can be installed from https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse-client-javascript/pkgs/npm/dataverse-client-javascript

Reviewer: The development version currently requires a .npmrc file with a Github token, do we want to include instructions for that here?
For example, we could have instructions similar to the dataverse-frontend readme: https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse-frontend/blob/debb816a1317a0a687d27c11516e52f0d3cdd9e0/README.md?plain=1#L16

Reviewer 2: I updated installation.md to include instructions to add the .npmrc file. Thx!

> Until a 2.0 version is officially released, it can be installed from https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse-client-javascript/pkgs/npm/dataverse-client-javascript

Reviewer: Since we have an example of the `npm install` command for the production dataverse, I think it would be good to have an example command for the development version, just so users don't forget to include the development version name in the install.  Just by following along, I forgot to do this, and I didn't know why the library wasn't working (stupid mistake, I know!)

Reviewer 2: I added this command `npm install @iqss/dataverse-client-javascript` to install the development version. I'm not sure if that's what you were suggesting

## Initialization

In order for the package to connect to the Dataverse API, there is an `APIConfig` object that should be initialized to set the preferred authentication mechanism with the associated credentials for connecting to the Dataverse API.

Currently, the supported authentication mechanisms are:

- **API Key**: The recommended authentication mechanism. The API Key should correspond to a particular Dataverse user account.

> - **Session Cookie**: This is an experimental feature primarily designed for Dataverse SPA development. It is necessary to enable the corresponding feature flag in the Dataverse installation to use this mechanism (See https://guides.dataverse.org/en/latest/installation/config.html?#feature-flags). It is recommended not to use this mechanism and instead use API Key authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Session Cookie**: This is an experimental feature primarily designed for Dataverse SPA development. To use this mechanism, you must enable the corresponding feature flag in the Dataverse installation (See https://guides.dataverse.org/en/latest/installation/config.html?#feature-flags). It is recommended not to use this mechanism and instead use API Key authentication.
```
I think this is just an English language thing, I had to read it a few times to understand the meaning, so I re-wrote it to be clearer from my point of view.
